# ClimateChangeAnalysis
Climate change is one of the major concerns nowadays and there are various factors which are influencing it, and one of the major factor which is causing climate change is Air degradation due to emissions from different sources. We can already witness the effects of this through temperature rise due to global warming , rise in sea level and climate change. As serious as this issue of environmental degradation is, it is also just as fascinating to analyze how it also impacts social and economic sustainability.   We have utilized climate change related datasets obtained from various sources that provide information about greenhouse gases emissions, carbon dioxide emissions per $1 GDP (PPP, Purchasing Power Parity), sea level data and glacier density recordings over the period.  For the analysis, we cleaned and handled the missing data using packages such as tidyr and dplyr. Then analyzed and visualized the data by plotting them to find out the trends and insights from the plots. We plotted co2 emission with respect to other gases, continent wise, increase in sea level  and decrease in glacier density with increase in carbon levels over period of time, we did clustering based on GDP using K means and used timeseries to forecast sea level and density of ice caps over a period of 10 years. With information rich datasets, increasing phenomena of climate change in different parts of the world and the rising importance of taking preventive measures to curb the harm our man-made inventions are causing we have chosen this problem as our center for data mining and come up with interesting insights through various graphs and plots. 
